Standardise existing explanations (#412)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/breaking/overview.md

title: Breaking Change Detection
---

> We recommend completing [the tour](/tutorials/getting-started-with-buf-cli#detect-breaking-changes) for an

> > overview of the `buf breaking` command.

Reviewer: would _introduction_ work better here instead of overview? (below we state the goal of the page is to provide an overview of `buf breaking`

    - FILE
```

## Conclusion

`buf breaking` is a useful tool for automating your Protobuf builds and simplifying your development process.

> With `buf breaking`, you can ensure that your consumers don't get affected by any unnecessary mistakes leading to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `buf breaking`, you can ensure that your consumers won't be affected by any unnecessary mistakes leading to
```
